[Excel](Custom Functions) Updates to CFs for Shared Runtime (#1835)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-json-autogeneration.md

> The last parameter should be of type `CustomFunctions.StreamingInvocation<ResultType>`.

Author: ```suggestion
The last parameter is of type `CustomFunctions.StreamingInvocation<ResultType>`.
```

> The function should return `void`.

Author: ```suggestion
The function returns `void`.
```
